feat: Adds an expression interpreter to be used for pull queries (#7006)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/reference/server-configuration.md

The server will reject requests that attempt to enable table scans. Disabling table scans per 
request can be useful when throwing an error is preferable to doing the potentially expensive scan.

## `ksql.query.pull.interpreter.enabled`

**Per query:** no

Controls whether pull queries use the interpreter or the code compiler as their expression

> evaluator. The code compiler is the default. The code compiler is used

Author: I had written that before we decided to make it the default for pull queries.

The server will reject requests that attempt to enable table scans. Disabling table scans per 
request can be useful when throwing an error is preferable to doing the potentially expensive scan.

## `ksql.query.pull.interpreter.enabled`

**Per query:** no

> Config to control whether pull queries use the interpreter as their expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls whether pull queries use the interpreter or the code compiler as their expression
```

> evaluator, or the code compiler which is the default. The code compiler is used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
evaluator. The code compiler is the default. The code compiler is used
```

> for persistent and push queries, which are naturally longer lived than pull queries.  The overhead of compilation slows down pull queries significantly, so using an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for persistent and push queries, which are naturally longer-lived than pull queries. The overhead of compilation slows down pull queries significantly, so using an
```

interpreter gives significant performance gains.

> This will likely become the default for pull queries in the future.

Reviewer: Recommend deleting this sentence -- as a rule, we try not to comment on future features in docs.

Author: Removed.

default is one. This property has been deprecated. For
more info see the WITH clause properties in
[CREATE STREAM AS SELECT](/developer-guide/ksqldb-reference/create-stream-as-select) and

> [CREATE TABLE AS SELECT](/developer-guide/ksqldb-reference/create-table-as-select).

Reviewer 2: Seems no diff here.
